Capture OpenTelemetry span events (#3564)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

- Capture OpenTelemetry span events ([#3564](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/3564))
  - OpenTelemetry spans may have exceptions attached to them (`openTelemetrySpan.recordException`). We can now send those to Sentry as errors.

>   - Set `capture-open-telemetry-events=true` in `sentry.properties` to enable it
>   - Set `sentry.capture-open-telemetry-events=true` in Springs `application.properties` to enable it
>   - Set `sentry.captureOpenTelemetryEvents: true` in Springs `application.yml` to enable it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Set `capture-opentelemetry-events=true` in `sentry.properties` to enable it
  - Set `sentry.capture-opentelemetry-events=true` in Spring's `application.properties` to enable it
  - Set `sentry.captureOpentelemetryEvents: true` in Spring's `application.yml` to enable it
```

Reviewer: Or viceversa (change code to match doc)

Author: Good catch, it should currently be:
- `capture-opentelemetry-events=true` in `sentry.properties`
- `sentry.capture-open-telemetry-events=true` in Spring's `application.properties`
but apparently
- `sentry.capture-opentelemetry-events=true` in Spring's `application.properties`
works too.

I'll update `ExternalOptions` and keep the changelog entry as is.

Author: Updated
